DONE.md, before:

already covered topics

# Fundamentals
- [x] Linear Algebra
- [x] Database Basics
- [x] Tabular Data
- [x] Data Frames & Series
- [x] Data Formats
- [x] RegEx

Not required
- [x] Reporting
- [x] ETL

# Data Munging/ - Wrangling
- [x] PCA
	- short summary and an example [here](https://wiki.godesteem.de/wiki/pca-using-svd/)
- [x] [Dimension Reduction](Data_Munging_Wrangling/Dimension_Reduction.md)
- [x] [Numerosity Reduction](Data_Munging_Wrangling/Numerosity_Reduction.md)
- [x] [Normalization](Data_Munging_Wrangling/Normalization.md)
- [x] [Data Scrubbing](Data_Munging_Wrangling/Data_Scrubbing.md)
- [x] [Feature Extraction](Data_Munging_Wrangling/Feature_Extraction.md)
- [x] [Sampling](Data_Munging_Wrangling/Sampling.md)

# Programming
- [x] Python
- [x] NumPy/Pandas
- [x] Virtual envs
- [x] Jupyter
- [x] Data Mining
- [x] Awesome Public Datasets

Not required
- [x] Web Scraping

# Statistics
Not required:
- [x] Probability Theory
- [x] Continous Distributions
- [x] Discret Distributions
- [x] Summary Statistics
- [x] Hypothesis Testing

# Visualization
Skipped. I've used different visualization tools and implemented my own. [Reference](https://github.com/philsupertramp/game-math/tree/release/include/math/visualization)

# Machine Learning
- [x] Concepts, Inputs & Attributes
- [x] Supervised Learning
- [x] Unsupervised Learning

# Neural Networks
- [x] understanding NNs
- [x] Loss Functions
- [x] Activation Functions
- [x] Weight Initialization

# Big Data Priciples
- [x] Horizontal vs Vertical scaling


# Tools
- [x] NumPy
- [x] Pandas
- [x] scikit-learn
- [x] SQL/noSQL databases

Commit message:

Add more content about ML (#1)
Adds content from weekend ML marathon.

It's great to finally see the pieces working together. I'm happy I didn't need to go deeper into statistics due to my background but I understand that this is one of the biggest step stones for ML beginners.
Understanding concepts of bias, variance, over-/ underfitting, precision and recall makes me feel confident to start diving deeper into supervised learning and exploring different learning algorithms.

DONE.md, after:

already covered topics

# Fundamentals
- [x] Linear Algebra
- [x] Database Basics
- [x] Tabular Data
- [x] Data Frames & Series
- [x] Data Formats
- [x] RegEx

Not required
- [x] Reporting
- [x] ETL

# Data Munging/ - Wrangling
- [x] PCA
	- short summary and an example [here](https://wiki.godesteem.de/wiki/pca-using-svd/)
- [x] [Dimension Reduction](Data_Munging_Wrangling/Dimension_Reduction.md)
- [x] [Numerosity Reduction](Data_Munging_Wrangling/Numerosity_Reduction.md)
- [x] [Normalization](Data_Munging_Wrangling/Normalization.md)
- [x] [Data Scrubbing](Data_Munging_Wrangling/Data_Scrubbing.md)
- [x] [Feature Extraction](Data_Munging_Wrangling/Feature_Extraction.md)
- [x] [Sampling](Data_Munging_Wrangling/Sampling.md)

# Programming
- [x] Python
- [x] NumPy/Pandas
- [x] Virtual envs
- [x] Jupyter
- [x] Data Mining
- [x] Awesome Public Datasets

Not required
- [x] Web Scraping

# Statistics
Not required:
- [x] Probability Theory
- [x] Continous Distributions
- [x] Discret Distributions
- [x] Summary Statistics
- [x] Hypothesis Testing

# Visualization
Skipped. I've used different visualization tools and implemented my own. [Reference](https://github.com/philsupertramp/game-math/tree/release/include/math/visualization)

# Machine Learning
- [x] Concepts, Inputs & Attributes
- [x] [Cost Function and GC](Machine_Learning/Cost_Function_and_GC.md)
- [x] [Overfitting / Underfitting](Machine_Learning/Over_Underfitting.ipynb)
- [x] [Training, validation and test data](Machine_Learning/Training_Validation_Test_Sets.md)
- [x] [Precision vs. Recall](Machine_Learning/Precision_Recall.ipynb)


# Neural Networks
- [x] understanding NNs
- [x] Loss Functions
- [x] Activation Functions
- [x] Weight Initialization

# Big Data Priciples
- [x] Horizontal vs Vertical scaling


# Tools
- [x] NumPy
- [x] Pandas
- [x] scikit-learn
- [x] SQL/noSQL databases
